1. Reliability is the same as:
A. consistency.+
B. relevancy.
C. representativeness.
D. usefulness.

2. What is the first step in constructing an achievement test?
A. Decide on test length.
B. Identify the intended learning outcomes.+
C. Prepare a table of specifications.
D. Select the item types to use.

3. Which one of the following statements contains a specific determiner?
A. America is a continent.
B. America was discovered in 1492.
C. America has some big industries.+
D. America’s population is increasing.

4. The statement that “test reliability is a necessary but not sufficient condition of test validity” means that:
A. a reliable test will have a certain degree of validity.
B. a valid test will have a certain degree of reliability.+
C. a reliable test may be completely invalid and a valid test completely unreliable.

5. Which of the following is an example of a criterion-referenced interpretation?
A. Derik earned the highest score in science.
B. Erik completed his experiment faster than his classmates.
C. Edna’s test score was higher than 50 percent of the class.
D. Tricia set up her laboratory equipment in five minutes.+

6. What is most likely to happen to the reliability of the scores for a multiple-choice test, where the number of alternatives for each item is changed from three to four?
A. It will decrease.
B. It will increase.+
C. It will stay the same.
D. There is no basis for making a prediction.

7. Which one of the following learning outcomes is properly stated in terms of student performance?
A. Develops an appreciation of the importance of testing.
B. Explains the purpose of test specifications.+
C. Learns how to write good test items.
D. Realizes the importance of validity.

8. Which one of the following propositions is most essential to the final conclusion?
A. Effective self-evaluation does not require the use of tests.+
B. Tests place students in rank order only.
C. Test scores are influenced by factors other than achievement.
D. Students do not go to school to take tests.

9. In the area of physical science, which one of the following definitions describes the term “polarization”?
A. The separation of electric charges by friction.
B. The ionization of atoms by high temperatures.
C. The interference of sound waves in a closed chamber.
D. The excitation of electrons by high frequency light.
E. The vibration of transverse waves in a single plane.+

10. Which one of the following describes what takes place in the so-called PREPARATION stage of the creative process, as applied to the solution of a particular problem?
A. The problem is identified and defined.
B. All available information about the problem is collected.+
C. An attempt is made to see if the proposed solution to the problem is acceptable.
D. The person goes through some experience leading to a general idea of how the problem can be solved.
E. The person sets the problem aside, and gets involved with some other unrelated activity.

11. Which one of the following memory systems does a piano-tuner mainly use in his occupation?
A. Echoic memory+
B. Short-term memory
C. Long-term memory
D. Mono-auditory memory
E. None of the above

12. Read carefully through the paragraph below, and decide which of the options A-D is correct. “The basic premise of pragmatism is that questions posed by speculative metaphysical propositions can often be answered by determining what the practical consequences of the acceptance of a particular metaphysical proposition are in this life.  Practical consequences are taken as the criterion for assessing the relevance of all statements or ideas about truth, norm and hope.”
A. The word “acceptance” should be replaced by “rejection."
B. The word “often” should be replaced by “only.”+
C. The word “speculative” should be replaced by hypothetical.”
D. The word “criterion” should be replaced by “measure.”

13. Judge the sentence in italics according to the criteria given below: “The United States took part in the Gulf War against Iraq BECAUSE of the lack of civil liberties imposed on the Kurds by Saddam Hussein’s regime.”
A. The assertion and the reason are both correct, and the reason is valid.
B. The assertion and the reason are both correct, but the reason is invalid.+
C. The assertion is correct but the reason is incorrect.
D. The assertion is incorrect but the reason is correct.
E. Both the assertion and the reason are incorrect.